---
layout: post_page
title: Who Am I?
---

### I am a front end web developer and designer.
I am the Director of Interactive Development at Ninja Multimedia in Atlanta, GA USA. You can check me out on my three favorite social media applications. Check out my code on [GitHub](http://www.github.com/cgspicer) and [CodePen](http://codepen.io/cgspicer) or join me in conversation on [Twitter](http://twitter.com/cgspicer).
If you want to hire me for any freelance work, feel free to reach out to me at [cgspicer@gmail.com](mailto:cgspicer@gmail.com?Subject=Let%20Hire%20You!).

### What am I good at?
Based on my experiences, I prefer and excel at the following:
- HTML & CSS (obviously)
- Javascript
  - Pure JS
  - jQuery and plugin development
  - Coffeescript
  - node.js
- CMS
  - Wordpress
  - Magento
  - Jekyll
- Animation
  - GreenSock Animation Platform
  - CSS

### What can I do?
By dumping all these tools and many more into a command line cauldron I concote:
- Simple informational sites for your portfolio or small business-- About page? Check. Contact form? Tick. Blog of your inner thoughts and desires? Done.
- Complex sites with dynamic content-- Maybe you have a conference coming up and you need to edit and post a schedule and have people register for it?
- ECommerce sites-- Have a great product? Or a bunch of em? Want to sell em to the whole entire world's population (with an internet connection and a modern browser)?
- Super cool iOS and Andriod apps-- Slap some animations and copy together to tell an amazing story, manage stuff with your whiz bang utility app, or control your arduino moisture monitor connected houseplant's watering schedule from your pocket, son!